[DOCS] Adding authorization_realms setting for OIDC (#64877)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authentication/oidc-guide.asciidoc

<<authorization_realms, authorization realms>> instead of role mappings.

In this case, you perform the following steps:

1. In your OpenID Connect realm, assign a claim to act as the lookup userid,
   by configuring the `claims.principal` setting.

> 2. Create a new realm that can lookcup users from your local repository (e.g. an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new realm that can look up users from your local repository (e.g. an
```
